README.md, before:

## 👋 Intro

Hi! My name is Álvaro. I'm a self-taught web developer on the road to becoming the best at JavaScript, React, Astro and Next.js. This repo contains my personal portfolio website.

---

## 🖼️ Live demo

Check out the live site at [alvaroalarcon.com](https://www.alvaroalarcon.com/)

---

## 🛠️ Tech stack

- **Frontend:** HTML, CSS, Tailwind, JavaScript, Astro
- **Deployment:** Vercel
- **Extras:** Form handling with FormSubmit and validation with Zod 

---

## 🚀 Features

- Responsive design for mobile and desktop
- Contact form with autoresponse
- Smooth scroll and subtle animations
- Light and dark theme toggle (if applicable)

---

## 🎨 Design

Something about me, I love designing things from scratch.

Here you can find some illustrations made by me on Figma. 

I chose this particular color palette to reflect my personality and style.

The style is **neobrutalist** with some moder touches. I wanted something that fel modern and clean but at the same time playful and nice-to-look-at.

---

## Sugestions?

I'm always open to new ideas, and if you think something can be improved, please let me know!

Commit message:

updated readme and added license file

README.md, after:

## 👋 Intro

Hi! My name is Álvaro. I'm a self-taught web developer on the road to becoming the best at JavaScript, React, Astro and Next.js. This repo contains my personal portfolio website.

---

## 🖼️ Live demo

Check out the live site at [alvaroalarcon.com](https://www.alvaroalarcon.com/)

---

## 🛠️ Tech stack

- **Frontend:** HTML, CSS, Tailwind, JavaScript, Astro
- **Deployment:** Vercel
- **Extras:** Form handling with FormSubmit and validation with Zod 

---

## 🚀 Features

- Responsive UI mobile firts
- Contact form with autoresponse and Zod validation
- Smooth scroll and subtle animations

---

## 🎨 Design

Something about me, I love designing things from scratch.

Here you can find some illustrations made by me on Figma. 

I chose this particular color palette to reflect my personality and style.

The style is **neobrutalist** with some moder touches. I wanted something that fel modern and clean but at the same time playful and nice-to-look-at.

---

## Sugestions?

I'm always open to new ideas, and if you think something can be improved, please let me know! 

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License — feel free to reuse the code as long as you mention me.
